Every journey begins with a first call to a travel agent.
Trapped in cookie factory. Send help.
You will encounter someone soon who will change your life.
Hope is like the sun: if you only believe in it when you see it, you'll never make it through the night.
To truly find yourself you should play hide and seek alone.
I cannot help you, for I am just a cookie.
Rizaeling you can raed this mepsislled fnurote wlil be the hgihgliht of yuor day.
The winning lottery numbers for January 23, 2023 were 30, 43, 45, 46, 61, 14.
Avoid taking unnecessary gambles.
Ask not what your fortune cookie can do for you. Ask what you can do for your fortune cookie.
Marriage lets you annoy one special person for the rest of your life.
You will soon receive an important letter.
Love doesn't make the world go round, but it makes the ride worthwhile.
An admirer will soon expose himself, which is technically a misdemeanor.
Your next cookie is a lie.
If a turtle doesn't have a shell, is it naked or homeless?
A foolish man listens to his heart. A wise man listens to a cookie.
The next person to greet you cannot be trusted.
Your nerves are unwarranted - you will do great!
When you get something for nothing, you just haven't been billed for it yet.
If a cupcake falls into your mouth and nobody hears it, does it have any calories?
It would be best to maintain a low profile for the next five days.
You often seek the road less traveled. Consider paved roads with safety ratings next time.
Good fortune is coming your way! Oops, there it went.
If Lyfe gives you lemons, throw that shit out cuz she nasty and you should really shop at a grocery store.
If you never think nobody cares that you're alive, try missing a couple car payments.
No snowflake feels responsible for an avalanche.
You don't have to be faster than the bear, just faster than the guy behind you.
Three can keep a secret, if you get rid of two.
If you think you're laughing now, just wait until tomorrow morning.
You might want to ask your pet what they're building in the closet before it's too late.
You are about to finish reading a fortune cookie.
A statue will someday be made in your honor. So remember to be nice to pigeons.
There is no angry way to say bubbles.
Everyone wonders the meaning of life, but nobody wonders about the life of meaning. [8]
Life is very shitty for those with their heads up their butts.
Do not fear the future. Fear the strange piece of underwear on the sidewalk.
Pasta is made in Italy, but where is Italy made?
Men are from Mars, women are from Venus. But women shower more so they are the cleanest.
Do not shun body positivity, but rather, shun proddy boss activity.
The key to a happy marriage is attached to your keychain. Did you misplace your keys again?
A language barrier is no excuse not to cuss at the asshole in line in front of you.
You are feeling generous. Which is good, because we accept tips. =)
Pay attention to your studies. Two percent of what you learn will be useful someday.
Respect your elders. When they're gone, they might haunt your basement.
You have the spirit of a dove, the energy of a cheetah, and the face of a giraffe.
Do NOT play Dark Souls. I did that, I lost my job, and now I make fortune cookies in this stupid factory.
A promising investment is in your future.
Success is when luck meets preparation.
Instead of telling your partner what they did, tell them how it made you feel.
He who catches second wind is often the first to break it.
Life is a highway. Both take tolls.
Don't be so open-minded that your brains fall out.
Emotional intelligence is the most important and underappreciated form of intelligence.
You should be proud of your many accomplishments.
If all doorknobs were on the right, would left-handed people be trapped in their homes?
Nobody is perfect, but George Clooney comes pretty damn close.
The early bird gets the worm, but the lazy bird gets a good night's sleep and is statistically more likely to succeed in both his professional and personal life.
Do not beat yourself up. Hindsight is a bully.
Your emerging independence is incredibly exciting to those around you.
Remember three things: 1) Trust your gut. 2) No is a complete sentence. 3) Never, ever watch She-Hulk, it is absolute dogshit.
Cursing is either a sign of maturity or immaturity. I haven't decided which.
Everybody appears happy these days, only because social media is a highlight reel. In reality, we are all miserable sacks of shit just like you.
The next time to find yourself checking in on a friend, consider asking yourself the same questions.
Self-compassion is a doctor's prescription for happiness.
The customer may always be right, but that doesn't mean they don't fucking suck.
Something unexpected lies in your future.
The good news is that gratitude is a skill which can be practiced. The bad news is that chocolate chip cookies cost more than they used to.
It is never a bad time to tell someone how much you love them.
Men's love for women is so unconditional that they are willing to expose themselves to cooties without any natural immunity.
A hidden talent will soon reveal itself.
You will soon discover a new passion that you didn't know you had.
An imposter is among us.
The beauty we see in pets comes not from their faces, but their hearts.
I hate zucchini.
Children love you. This may be a blessing or a curse, so congrats or I'm sorry.
Is it really good to have the patience of a saint, when the saints are all dead?
Often, when people ask you to "be the bigger person," they really want you to be as small as possible.
It's important to fill up your cup, just be careful you don't overflow.
